Room 0: Start
My eyes open and I find myself laying on a cold floor. The room is musty and a faint mist surrounds me.
A low growl can be heard echoing from the walls. It sounds far.
On the ground next to me is a sword. I know this sword. My father gave it to me when I learned to fight.
Slowly, I collect myself and get to my feet. Before me there is a dimly lit hallway along with a closed door.

Room 1: Start room
This is the room I woke up in. There is a dimly lit hallway and a door connecting to this room.

Room 2: Hallway
I enter the dimly lit hallway. The floor boards creak under the pressure my feet exert. A large window allows the 
moonlight into the hallway. Standing by the window is a cloaked figure. As I approached, the figure spoke to me. 
It sounds like an old woman.
"You are lucky to be alive, child. The beast doesn't usually keep prisoners. You must be special."
I can't remember exactly what the monster looked like, but I know it was big and strong.
"Others have come before you, but none have escaped. Maybe the remnants of those have cluses to escape."
I thanked the woman for her advice and continue down the hallway. It opens to another hallway going left or right.

Room 3: Door
I open the door and find a foyer. There is a stairwell and a door just past it. On the ground under the stairs,
I see a pile of bones along with a bag. 

Room 4: Check bones
I examined the bones. They appear to be old, they must have been sitting here for a long time. This poor soul
is long dead. I open his bag and inside I find a journal. 
"The beast has me now. If only I could break down the front door. But the monster will hear."
"I need something to make a loud sound, to distract him. I also need something I can use as a battering ram."
"Hopefully I can find them before it's too late..."
Poor soul wanted to escape. His plan appears sound, but he wasn't able to find what he needed.

Room 5: Door
I walk past the stairs into the room. This appears to be a kitchen of sorts. There are some cabinets along the wall.
At the back of the room is a door leading to another hallway, as well as a closet.

Room 6: Check the Cabinets
I open a few of the cabinets and find what appears to be an oven timer. It looks forlorn. I take it with me.
Maybe I could use it if I ever needed to make a sound.

Room 7: Check the Closet
I open the closet and find a crowbar leaning against the wall. It looks useful. I take it with me.

Room 8: The hallway
This is a dusty hallway. There's a door that leads to what looks like a kitchen, another door at the other end appears
to lead upstairs. There is a joining hallway, dimly lit. 

Room 9: Upstairs from Bones
I go up the stairs. At the top of the stairs is what looks like a study. The room is filled with 
book shelves and has a desk and chair. On the chair are the remains of another victim. To the left of the room
is an iron door. The loud growling seems to be emanating from that room, I think the monster may be behind the door.
On the other side of the room is a doorway that leads into a larger room.

Room 10: Examine body
I approach the other victim. This pile of bones appears to have been resting here for a long time.
The book has a scrawled note tucked under one of the pages. I pick it up carefully and read. It appears to be an escape plan.
"If only there was some way for me to break out. If only I had a rope and something to pry the window open."
It appears he was trying to but out, but something got to him before it was too late.

Room 11: Open The Iron Door
I clutch the sword my father gave to me. Slowly I open the door and see the beast before me. A large dragon. It roars as
I step into the room. I charge at the beast, my sword raised. It opens its mouth and a wall of flames engulfs me. Everything
is hot, before all of a sudden it becomes very cold.

Room 12: The Ballroom
I walk away from the study into the larger room. It appears to be a ballroom of sorts. There's a few decorations hanging 
from the ceiling. On the other side of the room is a another door. 

Room 13: Examine decorations
There is a makeshift disco ball hanging from the ceiling. The ball is being suspended with some rope.
There appears to be quite a bit of rope. I decide to take it with me, never know when rope could come in handy.

Room 14: Top of Stairwell
This door leads into the top of a stairwell. Stairs lead down into what appears to be a hallway. To my right it a door
going into what looks like a bedroom. At the top of the stairs is a skeleton that appears to be reaching for a bag.

Room 15: Examine the body
I go through the body the old pile of bones is reaching for. Inside is a hastily written note that reads: 
"Beast weakness. Library. Green book."
It seems that this poor soul was trying to find a weakness for the monster.
It looks like he may have found something, in a library.

Room 16: The bedroom
The bedroom is torn apart and tattered. A wall pannel has been ripped off revealing a crawlspace.
It appears to lead back downstairs, to the room I woke up in. But I don't think I could use it to get back to the bedroom.

Room 17: Examine the bedroom
The bed is rather broken. On the ground next to the remnants is a pole. It looks as though that pole was once 
part of the bedframe. It looks like it could be a good battering ram.

Room 18: The library Hidden Room
I found a green book that appears to be slightly out of place. Pulling it opened a hidden passage behind one of the
bookshelves. I walk inside and find a shield leaning on the wall. I pick it up and can feel the magic flowing through it.

Room 19: Iron Door
I clutch the sword my father gave to me. Slowly I open the door and see the beast before me. A large dragon. It roars as
I step into the room. I charge at the beast, my sword raised. It opens its mouth and a wall of flames engulfs me. I lift
the shield I found in the library and the flames dissipate. I charge at the stunned dragon and slash at him with my sword, 
cutting his head off. All is still and quiet. I have won.

Room 20: Through the Window
The large window is overlooking the ground below. Using the crowbar, I was able to pry open the window. 
The woman in the hallway held the rope for me as I climbed down. Once my feet hit the ground, I ran away as fast as I could
not looking back.

Room 21: Use battering ram
I charge at the door with my bed pole. The door bursts open making a large sound. I hear a roar from inside the house.
Before I can react, the beast grabs me and everything goes dark.

Room 22: Use battering ram and timer
Before charging the door, I set the timer in the kitchen. Once I leave the room, the timer goes off and I hear the beast rush
into that room. I charge the door and knock it open, running as far from the house as I could.